Hello.
And girls.
Roger, instructor of this course.
This is the very last video of this course.
So, first of all, congratulations on finishing this course, and thank you for giving me a chance
and enrolling in this DevOps course.
Beyond this, I also have a YouTube channel where I post videos about different services, deep dives
on technologies such as Kubernetes, DevOps, serverless tips and tricks for cloud DevOps interviews,
how my workday looks like as a solution architect, etc. I also share how I switched my career from
legacy technology to NWS and how you can do the same.
Feel free to connect with me on LinkedIn.
My LinkedIn YouTube links are all given in my Udemy profile.
Reach out to me with questions beyond.
Get questions if you feel like you are stuck in your career and wondering whether you should do this
certification or that certification.
What technologies you should learn.
Feel free to leave a note to me.
I have been through that phase myself and it brings me great joy to help other people achieve their
career goals.
All right.
With that being said, thank you again.
Good luck.
Keep learning and keep rocking.